It's okay if you don't want to answer
Then I'll show you
How did Zhou Hua police spend the past seven years?
It turns out that Uncle Zhou is my biological mother
Since you left
Zhou Kuai Jing bought this
He comes here every year for your birthday
This is the gift he has prepared for you for 7 years
Open it and take a look
boss
I'm rich now.
You can afford big diamond rings.
Boss, haven't you always wanted to recommend the studio?
I took your favorite studio
I got it for you.
If you don't come back
I won't give you the key.
boss
Favorite movie is out
When will you accompany me to see it?
Dad?
You have been gone for 7 years
He's been thinking of you all by himself for seven years
If you still love him
Don't push him away anymore
All right?
Hey Pigsy
I need to talk to you.